1. What is character escaping?
Ans: Invoking an alternative interpretation of certain characters

2. What is the difference between the Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) Top 10 and the Common Weakness Enumeration (CWE)?
Ans: The OWASP Top 10 is a ranking, whereas the CWE is a collection.

3. A web server sets a cookie over a secure connection. When is the cookie value readable using JavaScript served over an insecure connection?
Ans: If the cookie lacks the HttpOnly and Secure flag

4. An application has 12 known exploits, 10 known weaknesses, and 11 known vulnerabilities. Which statement is true?
Ans: There are at least 11 weaknesses.

5. A website includes content from example.com and globomantics.com. How can a developer set the origin to globomantics.com?
Ans: By making the first request to globomantics.com

6. Your application uses custom classes. Applications must transport Instantiated objects across the network to each other. Which kind of serialization format should you use?
Ans: The development language's built-in format

7. Which type of output encoding do you need for JavaScript to prevent cross-site scripting attacks?
Ans: Except for alphanumeric characters, encode all characters with the \uXXXX unicode encoding format.

8. Your application requires a stress test to determine if it can withstand denial-of-service attacks. Where would you perform the stress-test from?
Ans: A machine in the same network

9. Given the Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) Proactive Controls, what is the most likely change you would need to make to an existing security policy?
Ans: Emphasize the importance of security awareness.

10. What is an example of a mitigation strategy for denial-of-service attacks?
Ans: Dropping traffic without notification

11. Why should you encrypt data at different stages?
Ans: To protect it from unauthorized disclosure

12. A company is concerned about both the integrity and the confidentiality of its data. What should the company implement and in which order?
Ans Encrypting the data for confidentiality, then hashing the data for integrity.

13. What does insufficient logging and monitoring mean?
Ans: Failing to detect an intrusion on time

14. Which mitigation strategy should you use to stop attackers and analyze an ongoing denial-of-service attack?
Ans: Capture traffic in a sinkhole.

15. Credential stuffing is the reuse of stolen or published valid username/password pairs on other sites. How can you defend against such automated attacks?
Ans: Limit the number of authentication attempts per unique client.

16. A server uses cookies as session identifiers and it is accessible over an unsecured, HTTP connection. You enable a secure, HTTPS connection and do not change any parts of the server itself. What happens?
Ans. A browser sends cookies to the server over both a secure and an insecure channel.

17. What is a cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) preflight request?
Ans. A method to determine whether a request is safe to send

18. You must prevent leaking of sensitive information about your message’s cleartext, based on its metadata such as the message length. How would you do so?
Ans. By padding message payloads

19. A server-side function encodes input using HTML entity encoding. Why does this function fail to prevent cross-site scripting for all HTML contexts?
Ans. Because the function is not safe for all contexts


20. A cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) request fails each time. A developer proposes to change the Origin header using JavaScript. Why is this solution incorrect?
Ans You cannot manually change the Origin header.

21. Which statement about XML external entities attacks is true?
Ans. You can prevent attacks by using a local static document type definition (DTD) and disallowing any declared DTD included schema.

22.You want to implement a cross-site PUT request using JavaScript. Under what conditions would a preflight request occur?
Ans. It always occurs because the browser implements the preflight request for all HTTP/S requests. 

23. A development team implements a system that recognizes returning customers. What is the first step of such a system?
Ans. The identification of returning customers

24. A development team is researching how to secure passwords. How should the team handle passwords before storing them?
Ans. Use hashing and a salt.


25. An attacker has a large number of breached user accounts. How can an attacker exploit a broken authentication vulnerability with this data?
Ans. By trying breached accounts on another web application
